+++
date = 2018-06-06T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Testing for similarity in area-based spatial patterns: Andresen's test, critique, and improvements (keynote)"
time_start = 2018-07-06T16:00:00
time_end = 2018-07-06T16:45:00
abstract = "Andresen’s spatial point pattern test (SPPT) can be used to compare two spatial point patterns on defined areal units: it identifies in which particular areas the spatial point patterns diverge and aggregates these local (dis)similarities to one global measure. It has been widely applied to geographic analyses of crime and police behavior. I discuss the limitations of the SPPT and discuss an improved method. I provide code examples and an R package on Github to perform the improved tests easily."
abstract_short = ""
event = "International Conference on Crime Geography and Crime Analysis"
event_url = ""
location = "Guangzhou, China"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
# projects = [""]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
  
<!-- Embed your slides or video here using [shortcodes](https://sourcethemes.com/academic/post/writing-markdown-latex/). Further details can easily be added using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code. -->
